ok so I'm back some information on my
palace now to to start off and to be
totally honest I got this idea from
YouTube yeah I got this idea from a few
videos that I saw on YouTube um the
first thing is even after i saw these
videos on youtube this since this is a
little bit expensive I kind of try to
find a duplicate of it and find
something else that would fit my hip
duo's because as you all know the hip
duo's are large they're like oh I did a
lot of searching online and as far as
I've been able to tell this is the only
empty palette that will fit the hip
duo's like perfectly there's no room
they don't move around or anything so
that's number one this is from the
japonesque japonesque website and i
bought this online now the thing is alta
sales japonesque products but they don't
they don't sell this empty palette
there's a lot of different other things
by japanese but they don't sell this and
down check for four years so for doesn't
have this either when i bought it dating
at is so so far or also does not have
the empty pellet you have to get it
online so if you can you can go to
japanese calm and purchase this palette
this is called the large 12th pan
because they have another palette that
that's 12 and also but the the pans are
small so they have a 12 pan small and
then a 12 and large this one is
and large empty palette and I think this
one was twenty dollars 1999 this was
twenty dollars for me that's kind of
steep to pay to buy an empty palette for
but if you think about it the mac empty
pallets they're fifteen dollars are they
fifteen dollars or one that's when he
goes yeah but is there fifteen dollars
so I mean and they hold they held 15 am
I thinking they hold 15 or were they
really $15 I think there were just
fifteen dollars i think the mac empty
pallets are fifteen dollars in a whole
15 this is twenty dollars and it holds
12 but now the japanese wealth website
um I've bought other things from this
website not just this I think this is
the thing to see all the time because
this is what i use my hip duo's in but
this is a really good site if you are an
aspiring makeup artist or if you're
already in makeup artist they have a lot
of different empty pallets for lipstick
blushes a lot of professional
professional grade things that you can
use for your makeup so it's a really
good website if you're you know looking
to put together a kid you're looking to
become a makeup artist and you need
somewhere to find you know tools of the
trade um now keep in mind it is kind of
steep for me they have brushes and
things like that too they don't sell
makeup but it's a site specifically for
makeup tools so like I said if you're
thinking about becoming a makeup artist
it's a really good site to check out
things to know this palette is long it's
it's it's very skinny and long you
probably can't tell from on the thing
but it's very long so where were you
hold your palettes just keep that in
mind that it is longer than any other
that you have also too it's not magnetic
if you can tell like on the back it has
holes I really don't know what that's
for but if you want to purchase this
palette you can like by the little
circular magnets and put it in that way
what I did was I just dumb when you
depart these you'll notice that there's
they're glued into the pot and I just
used the leftover glue that was on there
and I just stuck them in there didn't do
anything else and they haven't come out
yet so that's all I did they're the
perfect size there was no room for you
can't move them around or anything so
that's good um I just the label that was
on the bottom of the pot that they
originally came in I just that has the
name of which each one of them are I
just took that off I kind of cut it out
and we stuck it to the top of the
palette I'm not very creative so I
couldn't think of any other way to name
them and it's very important to know the
names so if you suggested to someone you
know you know they know what to go get
it the flap is magnetic that's only part
this magnetic what the way you close it
which is a good thing what else um what
it's made of is like if you notice you
have a Mac palette it's a plastic and
hard yeah the Coastal Scents palette is
pellet plastic and heart this is if you
can tell like you see how it has all
those scratches and stuff on it it's
like made of like like I probably cut
some kind of cardboard or whatever and
then wrapped in this
yeah you can see wrapped in the and Mike
some kind of paper or whatever so the
bad thing about that is is it can get
bit like I can bend this and it will be
forever bent because it's made out of
some kind of like cardboard or something
and so it has ugly scratches and
everything on it because you put a dent
in it and it's going to stay simony make
because that's what it's made out of
that's the only thing I don't like I
think that's about all the questions
that I had on this palette like I said
check out the website is really it's
really good if you're thinking to become
a makeup artist and you want to kind of
build a kid the website is strictly for
makeup tools they don't tell any makeup
there's just brushes empty pallets
everything for like yes you'll find a
lot of good tools there but it's kind of
pricey to me so just up to you that's
the information from the palette and
thanks for watching